761 temporal to datetime (#806)
ScottLogic/datahelix: docs/DataTypes.md

with precisely 3 digits of sub-second precision, plus an optional offset specifier of either "Z" or a "+HH" format. 
Values have the same maximum precision as Java's [OffsetDateTime](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/time/OffsetDateTime.html) class.

DateTimes can be in the range `0001-01-01T00:00:00.000` to `9999-12-31T23:59:59.999`
that is **_`midnight on the 1st January 0001`_** to **_`1 millisecond to midnight on the 31 December 9999`_**

DateTimes are by default output per the user's locale, adjusted to their time zone.

### DateTime granularity

> DateTimes currently have granularities derived from the size of their range. Future work ([#141](https://github.com/ScottLogic/datahelix/issues/141)) will make this configurable.

Reviewer: This statement should have been removed/updated as part #667, can this be updated here please.

```suggestion
DateTimes currently have a granularity of 1 millisecond. Future work ([#141](https://github.com/ScottLogic/datahelix/issues/141)) will make this configurable.
```
